Specify SiteAccess for translations data migrations (#2247)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/data_migration/exporting_data.md

    Migration command can be executed with database rollback at the end with the `--dry-run` option.

!!! caution

    The `--siteaccess` option usage can be relevant for a multi-language repository.

>     You must export with a SiteAccess that supports all languages, or the migration skips translations in non-supported languages. 

Author: ```suggestion
    You must export with a SiteAccess that supports all languages, or the migration skips translations in non-supported languages.
```

>     `--siteaccess` option usage can be relevant on multi-languages repository.
>     You must export with the SiteAccess supporting all the languages, or migration skips translations in non-supported languages.
>     It is recommended to use the SiteAccess of the Back Office of the targeted repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `--siteaccess` option usage can be relevant for a multi-language repository.
    You must export with a SiteAccess that supports all languages, or the migration skips translations in non-supported languages. 
    It is recommended to use the SiteAccess from the Back Office of the targeted repository.
```
